hi I'm beau with windsor and i'm here
today to introduce you to the pivot
floor scrubber the pivot is a
cylindrical scrubber with dual counter
rotating brushes and a two and a half
gallon solution tank the pivot is a
perfect scrubber for applications such
as building service contractors
hospitality athletic centers restaurants
and education facilities let's begin our
overview by taking a look at some of the
features of the pivot scrubber on the
handle you'll find two switches the gray
switch on the outside activates the
brushes the black switch on the inside
activates the pump you can either
activate just the brushes by squeezing
this part of the handle or you can
activate both the brushes in the pump by
squeezing both of the handles just below
the handle you'll find the storage area
for the transport wheels simply depress
the gray button next to each of the
transport wheels and the wheel will
slide out it can then be stored on
either side of the storage area the
pivot has a two and a half gallon
solution tank the solution tank can be
removed if you need to scrub in low
profile applications such as under
bathroom stalls on the undercarriage of
the pivot you'll find two cylindrical
brushes among the many benefits of
cylindrical brushes are the fact that
one brush will outlast 50 to 100 pads
and centrifugal force from the brushes
spinning at a thousand rpms means that
they are self-cleaning and never load up
when you're cleaning floors to remove
the brushes simply depress and the
brushes pop right out once you remove
the brush one area that you will need to
maintain is the manifold that dispenses
a solution from the fresh water tank
simply reach in pull the manifold out
and you can remove the caps on each end
so that you can clean it out thoroughly
once you've cleaned out the manifold
simply pop it back into place replace
the brush and you're ready to clean to
begin using your pivot you'll need to
plug it in the cord that comes with your
pivot is a twist lock so line up the
cord give it a quick twist and it's
locked in place then release the handle
one of the nice things about the pivot
is that you can actually run it in a
couple different modes you can run it
like a side by side machine like you
just saw or you can actually turn the
handle and run it like a lawnmower
this is extremely helpful if you're
scrubbing along edges of a hallway or
along edges where you have a transition
from carpet to hard surface
to prepare your pivot for storage you'll
need to start by emptying the solution
tank and then placing the transport
wheels back on the unit that will allow
the unit to tilt back so that you can
easily remove the brush and the manifold
for cleaning so there you have it you
now know everything that you need to
know to safely operate and maintain your
pivot scrubber